He's the pastor, but I'm super.
Happy to be starting another Saturday.
and it's very good to start with God
Why did he really make this day?
people for our rest and for a
Such a great memory of his creation
God is always close to us today.
as you can not tell
There is a story, it 's really cool for you.
Did you know that only Christ can cleanse the
our sins is the title of today is
Christ blots out sins and you do not have
many sins in reality everyone is
a sinner all are sinners
since sin entered the world
Unfortunately we have to live together.
With that I have here with me I go
show you a sheet what you have
on this sheet I'll show you in the
A little screen for you, what do we have?
on this sheet you can see it seems
she is crossed men and so she is
dirty, right, because this is not even a drawing
is nothing
and how we can clear this
leaf
Do you know how we can clean with
This is what I wrote here.
like pencil
we can clean this sheet with a
Rubber you like to attack time to
pay here everything I then scratched
people are erasing it by paying me
you may have to be careful not to
knead the leaf you have notebook you
Do you know when we'll delete some?
thing in the notebook
we have to take the greatest care
not to rip the sheet there are people who
write so strong so strong that it ends
until tearing the sheet that so strong that
wrote then we have to take
careful about it
and then we'll erasing you are
seeing that you're leaving everything is getting
very happy with this to pay everything here
bare is a little bit short
people are short we go there and depending
the rubber can also erase all of your
work is not all its role
here we are already finishing
erase all that dirt and I want
show a little something to you
ending up finishing the knife well let's go
I clean this party, I'm going to
and dirt and look how the
our sheet now let's show here to
the whole little gallery got my sheet clean
Look, you only know what happens when God
created our world our body our
life our mind was start the leaf
paper
clean and limpinha branca with nothing
of stain but because of sin as
I said at the beginning sin entered the
world and began to tarnish our lives
often by choices we make
this all represents here represents
our mind our body what we
God created the pencil by scratching the sheet
I can take risks and more risk is the
sin coming into our lives
Only Jesus, I'm going to say Jesus.
represents the drunk here in my
A little dirty hand, my little tire, right?
But it's okay, the important thing is that
she cleanses she takes away all sins
it cleans all dirt from the clean paper
also the sins jesus that eraser i
I am this sheet of paper that can also
to come stay manchá dinha jesus comes with
Rubber cleanses all my sins.
What a wonderful thing, God has
cleanse our sins in the bible I
I have a bible that I 'm going to put
my glasses and I will read a text from
Bible to you that speaks the following
It's in the book of John chapter
Let me see the chapter here right.
Chapter 11
verse 29 that says so the next day
John saw Jesus towards him and said
jesus was looking for direction and john
he said so there is the lamb of
god who takes away the sin of the world
jesus is the lamb of god who takes the
sin of the world, I thank him
because if you do something about it
wrong can you ask for forgiveness that he
will forgive your sins
Okay, God bless you and give you a Saturday.
very happy and radiant near Jesus and
who meet in the next happy abba